Improve RSS importer with canonical_link and extract_tags option (#489)
jekyll/jekyll-import: docs/_importers/rss.md

{% endhighlight %}

The `source` field is required and can be either a local file or a remote one.

> Other optional fields are as follows

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Other optional fields are as follows:
```

> * `canonical_link` add canonical to posts. Default value is `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `canonical_link` – copy original link as `canonical_url` to post front matter. (default: `false`)
```

> * `render_audio` render <audio> element in posts. Default value is `false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `render_audio` – render `<audio>` element in posts for the enclosure URLs (default: `false`)
```

> * `tag` add specific tag to posts

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tag` – add a specific tag to all posts
```

> * `extract_tags` extract tags from given key

Reviewer: How is this one meant to be used? What variable/field on `item`?

```suggestion
* `extract_tags` – copies tags from the given subfield on the RSS `<item>`
```
